no
[Music]
compromise fresh Liquid Smoke they got
that derangement
syndrome I can see it clearly
now I took the anti
Christos the anti
venom my eyes are
clear the stars are shining
near
hak Med the goddess of death make your
[Music]
portions and pluck your
strings I have the key of
death I have the key to
Hell give me quickly the Water of Life I
am that
drug the death
inducer Hallelujah toxicology Pharma
doya Liquid Smoke keep it moving lady
Babylon Elder
Amazon blow your mind on Spanish Fly
shining bright stars in the sky consume
the theor the
Venom dragon's
head you sexual Venus
[Music]
welcome back to Lady bot Babylon this is
am and you and what we're going to have
between tonight and tomorrow is tonight
we're going to have the story and
tomorrow night we're gonna have the
grammar and what I'm going to do is
continue you forward into language
Wednesday but tonight I want you to land
and Define a context I don't want you to
have have to be worrying about your
declensions I want you to think about
where we are going and I want to tell
you this is going to be different
tonight than I have done so far this is
going to be different and I'll tell you
why I was sitting here earlier in the
week and I was quite
upset I was quite upset where's that
comment that made me feel better where's
that comment give me the comment that
made me feel better I I think it's
official people this is legit yes it is
indeed hottest Sky ever that makes me
feel better you know why
because through my experience you can
take it down to it's a little bit
through my
experience I can tell you I will
research something this is between you
and me satanic
congregation I will research something I
will ask the music news show me and
she'll show me and I'll take that and
show that to people and the people will
take that then and the people will
prostitute it the people will sell it
whether it's for mugs or hats or
reputation they will sell it because
there is money to be
made I will not prostitute The Muse I
will not prostitute the M I was so mad
happens again and again and again over
and over and over and there's only one
problem you know what happens in
Translation second law of Thermodynamics
right you're going to lose that energy
it's not going to be put into work it's
entropy every time you translate it and
when it leaves her
lips you cannot touch
it once you touch it you degrade it you
destroy it you are a
destroyer shame on
you here's what we must do so I'm
sitting here and this is why this is
different this week and this is kind of
a special session and I feel like I
wanted to reach out to the congregation
and and you know
connect and the the reason for this all
is because I sat there saying why why
must they always prostitute The Muse why
must they do that do
you said give me something give me
something to show them
their pirate savior give it to me and
from the Shelf came this book that we'll
be reading from tonight and what is this
thing that we'll be reading from tonight
it is part of the dirty dirty it is part
of the Bible that was
removed it was censored it was taken out
at the establishment of a
cannon why do you think let me just ask
you this
people thank you yeah thank you I love
that you love the Muse um I know that's
why you that's why we're all here isn't
that gorgeous I love it um
the Canon why do you need to establish a
Canon do you think that a classical
philologist who's an investigator who
does Greek and Latin do you think that
they're going to go back and say well
you know I can talk about Cicero but I
cannot talk about catellus because
catellus is a dirty hooa and he says
dirty dirty things like iro at Pavo was
right and you're like what oh my God
that's the dirtiest stuff I've ever
heard we have to put him outside the
Canon we're not going to regard him
we're only going to regard these
core
canonical books well before the
Christians were organized enough to get
together and to have meetings where they
decided what would be
canonical the Bible was much more rich
people say that's when the Bible was
invented bll hooa
no did you know there are all of these
books that are circulating the same time
as the gospels they are not treated
differently there's a lot about Jesus
you don't know from what the boys took
out many many years
ago yes they took it out so reaching up
to my shelf to take a book asking the
Muse show me it's not me it's her she
found the most perfect perf
text it is a text that shows you Jesus
was a pirate I've been telling you Jesus
was a pirate a child trafficker that's
what I mean when I say pirate right a
child sex trafficker Jesus Christ was a
child sacri sex trafficker who
used drugs in the
process of creating trafficable
children and I told you
I told you that and everybody looks at
me and they're oh oh and it's only
because she showed
me right well guess what we've got
tonight guess what she showed me again
we have a text we have a text and in it
I'm gonna show you right now I'm going
to show you Jesus Christ
selling his
[Laughter]
Apostles are you ready Jesus Christ
you've been
naughty Jesus Christ you've been naughty
here you are and I'm gonna show them
tonight Jesus here put down put down
those little that little loin cloth put
that down Jesus you didn't have that you
weren't wearing that thing when you wash
those kids feet were you no huh you have
you have warrants out all over the
dimensional Rift baby and we're going to
bring you in tonight let me show him
Jesus
sorry got a little bit out of hand
control yourself let's see what Jesus is
actually up to um show them show them
what are we looking at people tonight
we're looking at Apocrypha right we're
looking at apocal and there's a couple
of great volumes that just came out the
scholars now
unfortunately look I'm going to have to
trans not translate I'm going to have to
read to you tonight their
translation because
I cannot find this text online now I
found some papers on it and I found
where they T spoke about Greek and about
what specific terms were but for the
life of me I cannot find I don't think
it's been I saw the manuscripts that it
was taken from but I haven't seen an
edited text on this thing so what I'm
going to be doing is I'm going to be
relying right you know how that is how
many times have I ever made you do this
rely upon another translator skill I
don't do this because if we get caught
by some theologians we're going to end
up in the back alley with BS so what I
want to do is I want to read to you this
translation this is this is what's
that huh oh show here there chewy it's
it's real it's real right okay here we
go um this is what I'm going to do right
why do we do that
a little bit disorganized people because
I'm not used to this but here this is
the axe of Thomas and His Wonder working
skin this is the AXS of Thomas and this
is a great book by Burke New Testament
Apocrypha more non-canonical scriptures
they just bring them out and let me tell
you this work by the way the acts the
acts of Thomas and his wonderwork
skin this work that was ripped out of
the collection and said Woo we can't we
can't read this one um this work is um
my God my God does it just it just cuts
through and it perfectly meshes it
mesches everything with the gospel of
Mark oh God just like a fluent like
River it's gorgeous and so let's go
ahead what's happening in the beginning
of this gospel let me just set it up
we're gonna have a lot of images to play
through with you I want you to focus on
those images because chewy has worked
very hard to hide within them the keys
that will be working in your brain okay
Chewy are you ready I think they're
ready Ludo is on board right if you
don't know what I'm talking about
there's a problem give me the first one
give me the first one um this is where
we're
starting Jesus just came back from the
dead
right and he's with his Apostles and he
says hey I got to send you out now I'm
going to divide up the world into 12
zones 12 12 zones I'm gonna give each
one of you a Zone and he does and Thomas
gets India and he's like oh God I'm not
going to
India right and he tells them people
there it's rough man it's rough so Jesus
decides I'm gonna send him with a couple
others and once they go right once they
go and get him to his place they can go
on to their own places are you ready are
you ready to see um real Jesus this is
real Jesus now of everything you and I
I'm so delighted to do this of
everything that you and I have talked
about about who Jesus actually was
represented by the
texts right who that actually
was let's want watch him sell children
shall we shall we watch
him then they got up and all journeyed
together into the land of India and they
went in to teach the word of God and
they sat in the middle of the city since
they did not find a place to Lodge there
then Thomas said to
Peter this is the first city in which we
came to preach the word of God will we
never be able to Ransom their Souls do
you understand what's going on do you
you know why I say souls are
delicious right now you understand it's
part of the cult people you can either
Ransom them or you can bind
them this is all the same magic that's
being used it's gorgeous remember the
lace days the lace D are all into this
right this is part of the cult part of
the society so what happens um for thus
we were uh taught by our savior right he
says he says this is how he taught us he
says the one who Ransom Souls from the
idols this one is great in My Kingdom
right and so as he was saying these
things look a certain Man Came toward
them an agent of condores the king of
India as he was passing by through the
street now he said to the apostles where
are you
from they said to him from the
world why do you ask
us that's naughty
boys those Naughty Boys the agent said
to them okay I know don't make it nasty
if it doesn't need to be right the agent
said to them children I seek to buy a
slave and I want to learn about you
whether you're slaves or
free Peter said to him We're slaves of a
Master called Jesus sir therefore for a
little while until our Lord comes and
which um just wait and whichever one of
us you want our Lord will reach an
agreement with you all
right just wait we're slaves of Jesus
and Jesus will let you know which one of
us you can
have okay I'm I'm not you know you know
people think oh he's making it up he's
making it up no I said a la is a
trafficker they're traffickers of human
Souls just like it says in the Book of
Genesis when they talk about abam the
pirate
trafficker who almost killed his son
from the voices he was
hearing this is the mystery people I'm
going to show you the drug are there
drugs in this of course there are but
let's start with the sale of the
children and here it is Jesus tells
Thomas right he said oh here here's the
section this is how they have this right
this section uh is the title of this
section is Jesus sells Thomas right now
I know a lot of you out there before we
do this I know a lot of you out there
know that Jesus Christ never actually
wrote anything down that we know of wait
until
now until now we do know something he
wrote right of course there was the time
when he Stoops down on the ground he
writes he writes on the ground something
nobody understands and they're like oh
right but remember these students of his
they're actually learning something
Jesus is fully
literate right fully literate why he
went down to Egypt and got his education
because things in Judea were a dump you
can't even get an ouse in this place
you think they have libraries it's a
dump the
Splendor the Splendor are you kidding ha
nice
joke so he had to be taken to Alexandri
or in Egypt somewhere to be
educated to be educated Ryan had to
learn his Greek well Jesus wrote
something and tonight I'm going to show
you for the first time the quote that
Jesus wrote this is what he wrote we
know he wrote one thing what do you
think it's going to be kids do you think
it's going to be something about helping
the poor maybe giving out some candy to
some children maybe some touching going
on and blessing of the
touching maybe it'll be something like
that who knows let's see I don't want to
spoil it for you I don't want to spoil
it for you so as he was saying these
things look Jesus appeared to them and
said greetings Peter my Bishop greetings
Thomas the second
Christ greetings Matthew heir of my
kingdom and honored one do not fear for
I am not far from you and although he
had spoken to them he did not allow the
agent to understand what he said right
Jesus has a way of
communicating with his people
From Galilee which they're going to make
a big point of a is a way of
communicating with them that other
people
don't understand and why would they need
this kind of language is it for the sake
of mystery initiation no it's for the
sake of
promoting the sale of
children it's for the sake of selling
the
Muse that's what it's for you want to
see you want to see Gangsta G you
thought I was making up Gangster G
everybody's like oh that's not funny
right gangster G what a stupid oh guess
what guess what he's back gangster G is
back right what does he say he says when
Jesus had gone some distance from them
he sat under the stoah upon a
stone and Peter said to the agent look
our Master go speak to him whichever one
of us you want he will reach an
agreement with you so walking over the
agent said to Jesus sell to us honored
man one of your
slaves and Jesus said to
him you sick bastard no I'm just kidding
he didn't say it he said uh whichever of
these two younger ones you want I will
reach an agreement with you but I'm not
selling the older one to you because he
was born in my house and I can't sell
him
wait a minute he said stop let the
children go and be free and Praise Jesus
no he didn't say that he didn't say that
he said pick out one of the two younger
ones baby because that older one he
belongs to the household I can't get rid
of him he's already spoken
for right spoken for it's kind of a okay
let's see are we going to make this
legitimate then the agent after
examining Thomas and Matthew said to
Jesus how much are you asking for
Thomas okay wait a minute wait a
minute is this how you buy a is this how
you buy a soul a minor is this how you
buy a minor in
Antiquity you inspect the merchandise is
that all you're going to do how about a
hey my name so and so who the hell are
you right no no no no just by looking at
him what kind of look do you think
Thomas has in his face at the time what
kind of look what kind of look gets a
boy bought from Jesus Christ are you
ready gets
better Jesus said to him his price is
three pounds of silver oh Gangsta G went
High gangster G went over the top with
the price three pounds of
silver oh my God man what is this kid
worth three pounds of silver come
on come on three pounds of silver all
right now I don't know maybe that's a
good price maybe that's a good kid price
I don't know holy Jesus you know what I
mean maybe it's a it's a good price
Jesus said to him he you know give me
let's get the three pounds of silver
persuaded the agent said to Jesus right
he must have been something because
three lbs of silver wasn't even
considered a you know he didn't play
with it he didn't barter okay he said
yeah sure let us go to the
lawyer oh yeah let's go to the lawyer so
that we might might uh he might give me
his counsel he says let's go draw up get
everything up now what um what things
would you have drawn up Agreements are
very common there's a whole collection
of these in the oxid rank is papy right
there's a whole collection of these
they're just all kind of Civic
agreements contracts all that kind of
stuff that's what he's talking about
drawing up drawing up a contract you
know and what does Jesus think about
that Jesus said to him wait a minute
right we have no need of a
lawyer we don't need no lawyers man we
don't need no stinking lawyers I'll
write you a bill of
sale I'll put it in my own hand and I'll
sale right what is this the holy someday
we need to find a holy fragment of the
bill of sale of Thomas the bill of sale
of Thomas I can't wait to find out what
he's doing I can't wait to find out what
he's doing this is gonna be awesome
right it's G to be awesome yeah hug and
say goodbye and they're always hugging
and kissing chewy aren't they H they're
kissing a lot I'm not going to read it
all right because we don't have time but
they're always kissing man they're
always kiss a lot lot of kissing I'm not
just talking friendly you know walking
down Italian Street kind of kissing I'm
not talking about that I'm like okay you
know what to
do Daddy's trained you little sheepkin
[Music]
chewy okay don't okay here it is so
Jesus said to him we have no need of a
lawyer I'll write a bill of sale out of
my own hand and what happens next was
turn a page and find out the agent was
pleased at this Jesus Took paper and
wrote for him the sales contract in his
own hand including as follows remember
people this is the only recorded thing
that Jesus ever
wrote a bill of sale for Thomas that
little doubting oh I almost called him
something bad that little doubting
Thomas just wait Man Poor Thomas I kind
of feel bad for him I don't really want
to spank him because I feel bad for I
have sold to albanis the agent of
coniferus the king of India this
household slave by the name of Thomas
free and clear and that is the only
thing that he ever
wrote a bill of sale for Thomas H
interesting and hearing completed sorry
and having completed the sales contract
Jesus gave to the agent and was paid by
him the three pounds of silver three
pounds of silver now Jesus gives it back
right Jesus gives it back to Thomas that
amount the three pounds of silver right
and he tells him to invest it in the
community that he will be working with
in
India invest it in them right okay good
good good now Thomas goes off with his
new master and he's very clear about the
skills his master interviews him and he
says okay what kind of skills are we
talking about why because he's an a
disci Le right he's a disciple of a dude
Jesus who knows at least how to write
out a bill of
sales and Thomas tells him I can do
architecture I can do all sort he goes
through a list of skills he says look my
medicine is so good and I do it for free
baby and I can heal anything
anything so they strike up a deal here's
what we're going to do we're going to
get the king
to have you build for him some palaces
and all sorts of accents things that we
can use things like plows you know what
I mean like basic stuff right city
building stuff we want walls that are
straight that kind of thing you know
what I mean and we're gonna have you do
it and I'm gonna give you a gazillion
dollars to do
it all right I'm going to give you a
whole bunch of cash to do it
yeah yeah now and then he got called off
to war right not Thomas but the dude
that was in charge but before he
left he told his wife don't let that
dude that we just bought don't let him
in the house make sure he's working and
doing his own thing don't let him around
you now why is that why is that Thomas
look at him what's what's looks so bad
about Thomas he just got sold by a
dude right he just got sold by one dude
now he's in the household of another and
he's he's supposed to build some
buildings but he doesn't he doesn't he
does other things with the
money and you can imagine what's gonna
happen when that guy gets back it gets
worse he gets involved with his wife oh
God and she won't have sex with him when
he returns after 3 years of
war look at the way she's
dressed then Christ Apostle Thomas
departed to arenoi the wife of the
governor and after reading the gospel of
Christ and the teachings spoken by the
prophets he said to her look what she
did she let him
out right she let this oh dude why did
you do that why did you do that you know
what they did in Galilee that's what the
dude says in here there's a priest in
here and he's like you uh you guys took
Galilee and turned it into a
prostitution pit you're GNA come here
and you're going to do the same thing
you disgustos do you know what the 12
apostles were they were PR
prostitutes they were prostitutes
pushing drugs and cult in the name of a
Christ and here's the second one here's
the second one Thomas is apprenticed and
he knows they got
lucky he went through it on the cross he
died and we brought him back we
resurrected him using the very same
drugs they used the mystery writes we
got lucky now he wants us to go go take
our craft that was so successful in the
Galilee and he wants us to take it to
all Corners he wants this Empire Gangsta
G wants everything he wants all the
territory he wants all the territory you
want you're not afraid of gangster G I'm
gonna show you what gangster G does I'm
going to show you this is going to this
is going to surprise and shock you and
he says oh our sin I see that you were
blinded by the devil and you sacrificed
the senseless Idols made with gold and
silver and she's like
yeah and he's like huboo maju and all of
a sudden there's an
earthquake and the idols fall off they
fall off their shelves they fall off
their
tables
break they break up and what happens
what does it text tell us tells us the
demons that are in those Idols came out
you can see them coming out where the
demons coming out of those Idols wait a
minute now you're sitting there tonight
people you're normal just like the rest
of us you're saying what what is going
on anthropologically what is going on
well let me let you in on a
secret the
monest taught the
polytheists in instilled the power of
demons into their artwork so that within
the artwork was the Living spirit of a
Dion and that Dion
represented the power of that particular
sculpture right of that particular piece
of
art so when these things are breaking of
course it only makes sense that from
them would be released their
diones now here's the problem we have
Christian accusations early on second
century and following right Christian
accusations that there are demons being
employed within Jewish
circles and that those demons the ones
that you see in the magical text all the
time that's where they telling every
burn your magic text and don't be
judaizing right you thought judaizing
was a cultural thing it's not it's a
magical
thing yeah remember Judaism is just
forming Judaism is in its early
infancy right yeah fantastic fantastic
let's see let's see what else happens
okay okay okay okay after hearing these
things from him our sin we took him and
showed him her idols and they have the
earthquake and the idols go fall down
and the demons all come out right the
demons all come out and what does our
sin we do
she
says she wants to be
baptized she wants to go through the
right she wants the
seal Thomas is doing this in this work
he's giving the seal what does he do he
travels to a place and he prepares the
communion he prepares the communion and
the communion enables them to enter into
that place where they're born again and
they see the invisible and they are
Servants of this Christ this is all
while they're following the second
Christ who is leading them in the
process okay and there's baptism
involved of course there is right
there's baptism there always is and when
I say baptism and you say baptism you
may be thinking of some related things
but not
exactly right not remember the Baptists
very very closely associated with the
use of these dyes that they're using in
religious rights that are meant to do
things like cause you to become
aroused right why do we need that Oracle
to be aroused because Mary with purple
fingers sings She's at the top right
she's at the top do you see how those
Dion a work how those demons work it's
fantastic I love it it's right here so
having entered or house and closed the
door she took off her robe and carried
out as much gold and silver and clothing
as she is acquired in her life and left
them aside in front of her house right
alone in her bed chamber she stretched
out her hands to heaven and began to
pray Lord God the good Master Thomas and
the one whom he proclaims Jesus Christ I
believe in you master Lord my God do you
hear that we're at Billy gr mating you
know what I mean she has committed her
life her precious life to Christ and the
blood of Jesus is cleansing her and what
happens you're my refuge Master Christ
and because I have not hidden before me
anything meet me master Jesus Christ
take from me the deception that is in my
heart and disturbing my reason and she
turned to Thomas wait I thought she was
stripped down in her own bed chamber
yeah she is and so is he he's there
too okay what's she asking him to do she
wants to see the
Christ she wants to see the Christ do
you know what happens in order to get
there you have to have prostitute Boys
in order to get there she's ready she's
ready are you ready for remember her
husband told her dude don't even talk to
that
goofball right okay here we go
okay all
right um uh when he heard these things
from ouri Thomas rejoiced greatly of
course he did pervert at her faith and
he said to her I Rejoice with you oh sin
because God's help has reached you then
becoming exceedingly glad Christ's
Apostle cried out in a loud voice saying
I give thanks to you Lord Jesus Christ
you who turn the hearts of the Wayward
sheep you see that that's brilliant
lastick
grooming lastick grooming it look look
it worked on her so much so she's gonna
she's her husband's gonna come back
she's gonna be a different person right
we spend Sunday we no we spend the
Lord's day with the
Lord not with our spouse with the
Lord we give to
him interesting and he baptized her of
course he did and whole household he
brought the whole group in in the name
of the father and the Son and the Holy
Spirit and many others from that city
were baptized with him yeah gets
everybody after their baptisms they gave
their belongings to the poor then after
tell you know who's in this group
brand you can see bran just going along
with it right you see him going then
after Thomas took and Sanctified bread
and a
cup wait he did what he Sanctified bread
and a cup would you be surprised if I
told you the process of sanctification
is the process of drugging would you be
surprised you can sanctify me with your
Water of Life
[Music]
sweetheart let's keep
going okay he baptized her oh W so
right and he began to teach them he
began to teach them here we go they
began bringing him all that were sick
and he healed them right part of his job
is he's a doctor who knows about all the
the medicin and Antiquity right who
knows about those well the Physicians
have to because the majority of ancient
medicine people say it's like a third
surgery is another part and then another
big part is Diet but that represents it
because it's really 2third drugs that
diet that you're talking about is still
drugs right it's things that you can
take into your body that will change
your physiology so ancient medicine is
2third
pharmacology who is it that's going to
know the
pharmacology it's the
christing it's those who have been
christed right those people they know
how to use those drugs okay fantastic
ftic what do we do with them we're
casting out demons right we're casting
out demons good
fantastic everyone of the city would
come together into the house of aroi and
he would teach them the words of God and
when they saw the Miracles that God did
through the Apostle Thomas every one of
the city from the least to the greatest
of them believed they were
baptized after many days look the
husband right he's the god Governor he
comes back right he returns from the war
with the King and when he arrived in The
City Gate after three years of being
abroad the entire multitude of the city
came out to meet him all his household
and his wife are sin now when he the
governor saw those from the household
were standing with his wife and saw her
wearing dirty
clothes what's she not wearing she's not
wearing any of that fine clothing she's
all dirty man he goes in and the house
is a mess why the hippies have been in
his house celebrating Jesus and his wife
is all
dirty yeah you know who you smell like
you smell like
Thomas dude take a bath every once in a
while right you know what I mean you
know what I
mean okay so um not to mention he wasn't
happy right so he's enraged uh wait
before he gets enraged he says um you
know he talks to his stewards and he's
like dude what's been going on and they
said look we've been still making profit
and here's here's what we've gained over
the last few years while you were gone
he's like oh good at least there you
know the place is a mess but at least
you know you're doing what you should be
doing to the estate right and then he
goes to goes to his bed chamber and
calls in his wife this is what happens
when he heard these things he was made
joyful but the money and he went into
the city having uh having bathed he went
into his bed chamber and sought his wife
our siny when she came into the chamber
he seized her in order to have sex with
her sounds kind of I hope that's just
bad translation but it sounds like
sounds a little bit banany and arenoi
groaned with a loud voice and said to
him my Lord put away from you every care
of this worldly merciless desire
especially on the Sabbath day since it
is for our God and savior the King Jesus
Christ if you consecrate yourself on the
Sabbath it is for God you will always be
perfectly holy right he left comes back
in three years she's talking religious
nonsense right he's he's upset he's
gonna be upset and he knows where it
came from why because he is contracted
with the l St for the sake of developing
developing the architecture of this
city right he's supposed to have that
knowledge why is that you know how it
works we cut off those boys
testicles and we educate them and they
become number one
great banana slaves and number
two um they're educated you can use them
for accounting you can use them for all
sorts of things building right because
they're educated the master made sure
himself right so the degree to which
Thomas actually knows architecture is
still in question because he didn't do
anything while the dude was gone and the
dude's about to find out and he's pissed
enraged he said to her with anger where
do these words come
from they are not from our ancient
sayings you see um we don't talk like
that what are you talking about man woe
is me our sin we for you were deceived
by that slave the one whom you allowed
with you to be with you and by the way
the one who said he is a doctor implied
but he really isn't right he's one of
these freaking
Magi he's one of these Magi you mean
Jesus who was funded by the
Magi is making unic boys who are
prostitutes and G and they are
also working on the populations that are
outside of Their Own
Zone yeah it's
business you thought Jesus Christ was Mr
ideal I'm sorry I'm sorry yet again your
Universe comes crashing down because you
don't read the Bible you never
have and unless you learn ancient Greek
you never
will yeah I appreciate by the way I
appreciate the fact that there are a lot
of you out there who are relying on me
for the Greek and I know that you look
at everything I put up here and I know
you look at the definitions that I put
do you want to see something let's just
go to the here let's just give this to
you to the people H say it and love it
to him give me the definition chewy hit
me with the definition that I brought
tonight um it's the big one give me
yeah there we go
fris fris are you ready do you know what
they hand out do you know what Thomas
hands out he hands out this and you're
gonna say the seal and you're gonna say
I know there's a there's a process that
takes place and when Jesus's followers
seal people they're giving him this
thing take a look people what is this
thing well first of all it's what some
kind of gym or Stone right you get the
orphic litha which is not about stones
at all huh that's weird look at number
two the impression of a Signet ring
right the seal an image in that case
it's just an image on the ring that's
your seal your image now everybody out
there all the Christians they're all
grabbing their nipples and stuff and
saying oh it's so exciting these are the
Seals yes they are you idiots look at
number three tablet of lmy and medicinal
Earth certified as such by bearing the
impression of the Seal of the lynian
Priestess of
Artemis do you know what the seals are
they're the drugs that they're giving
people in order to open their eyes in
sexual
rituals sexual
rituals okay fantastic not so fantastic
but fantastic that we understand that we
understand where we are um so look the
dude
interrogates the dude whose name is
leius right means Mr White Mr White
interrogates good oldfashioned Thomas
right he's like what goes on and Thomas
tells him oh no he says no I didn't
build you any
buildings right the buildings are in the
people and the glory of God look at all
the people that we've brought we've
built you a living a Living Church he's
likeoh really is that what you did
really well guess what and he goes and
he talks to the he goes and he talks to
the Cutters of leather you know when the
governor goes and talks to the Cutters
of leather about you something something
unpleasant is going to happen to him
something unpleasant are you ready for
this and the governor having sent for
Thomas whoop whoop whoop he said to him
Wicked
slave when I torture you you will tell
me everything for I know that you have
been useless up to now right cuz he's
going to want to try to get some of the
money back right who' you give the money
to what are all these hippies doing in
my house why is my wife sloppy sloppily
dressed and filthy what have You' been
doing to my wife and why won't she have
intercourse with me anymore why is that
right he got infected while he was gone
he got infected by monus do you think
this is the only
depiction of a monest group infecting a
community did you know that we have it
all over the
place yeah they saw it coming the Romans
knew these types of people watch out for
the Baptists man watch out for them they
knew right they will tear down
civilization right around you they will
take a person and they will brainwash
them and reform them yeah and abuse
them right here we go you thought
gangster G was a are you ready to see
what's going to happen are you ready to
see what's going to happen to the
gangster G's man you know what he does
I'll just tell you I'll just tell you
I'm not GNA read it to you I'll just
tell you you trust me it's
there he gets
Fayed he gets flayed and everybody here
gets to
meet Thomas the meatman where is he
bring him up you know you wanted to
bring him up Thomas the meatman I am
telling you something something people
Jesus Christ made it possible for this
dude to lose his
skin and what happened he said they take
him apart man they take his skin off
right flinging is a real thing why would
you go to leather makers because they
know how to work skin baby they know how
to work
skin and what happens to him he prays to
Jesus and Jesus comes to him and says a
man wait what no that's what he
says yeah be a
man be a
man so Jesus
miraculously gives
Thomas the health to be able to walk
around without his
skin now I don't know if this dude is on
heavy heavy heavy opiates or what the
deal is what the deal
is but for three years and you know what
it says that he does he ministers to
people Tommy Tommy where's where's your
brother Timmy Timmy get over here Timmy
have you been hanging around meet man
again don't do that you don't know what
he's going to tell you to
do he
ministers to the People by giving them
the drugs to continue their processes
and are you ready through the ministry
of Jesus Christ he uses his
skin to raise people from the dead just
like the first Christ raised people from
the dead
you mean this dude carries his skin
around yeah they were Tanners brao they
made him a
suit right could carry his skin around
right now I don't know how many of you
can sense the horror in this but this is
a miraculous and marvelous thing is
portrayed by this x-rated Bible
now the wife unfortunately ory she finds
out poor Thomas got Fayed and is walking
around saying stuff she jumps off a
building kills herself she jumps out of
a window and kills herself there she is
laying on the ground and what does
Thomas do he comes dancing over with his
skin and he puts it on her and brings
her back to life and the governor sees
it and he says what the
[Music]
yeah
yeah and there he
goes there he goes he's off to the
Christian races because he's seen his
wife who just jumped out of a
building brought back to life by a
dude's
skin by a dude's
skin now wait a
minute there's one more obstacle in
this picture of Mom honest Paradise
where people remove their skin and raise
the dead right remember the the text is
about the dead and cemeteries right when
um uh when oh I forgot to tell you did I
did I forgot to tell he goes into the
cemetery right he raises like some
people accidentally right he's slinging
around his skin his wonderwork skin I
mean can you believe this can you
imagine just just imagine what's
happening just imagine would you like to
take this guy to Sunday school with you
right does he stink I want to know do
you stink when your skin is gone right
because you know that stuff's going to
get infected what do do you have to oil
yourself like constantly like that what
do you
do right your eyes must get dry right
what do you do for dry eyes right when
you when you fade I don't know right I
don't know I don't know it's difficult
but what Thomas does is he preaches the
gospel and he provides the people with
the
seal so that they can enter the Kingdom
of Heaven okay right are there some
castrations of course there are are
there drugs of course there are is there
do we have mystery yes because we have
Lacy we have
Pirates Who understand the art of
creating that trafficked person you got
to create that person right cuz they
you're out there selling these kids
right when Jesus is out there selling
the apostles why do you think that the
dude came up to Thomas he looked over
the other
kid right he's like yeah you know what I
mean because Unix have a reputation baby
Unix have a reputation you remember when
the apostles asked Jesus there's a lot
of you out there talking about family
values and marriage and the sanctity of
marriage you know what Jesus said about
the sanctity of marriage he said nope
you know what you should do get your
testicles cut
off become a unic for the kingdom of
heaven when people say why didn't Jesus
get married dude he was busy making unic
boys that he was going to
sell he got three pounds of silver out
of
kid oh my God Nero wouldn't even paid
that for sporus and he dressed him up
and married him you know what I mean how
much did the wedding cost didn't cost
three pounds of fraking
silver holy mackerel okay all right
right you see what's going on people
there's one more obstacle in this whole
story and it turns out the obstacle is
this priest right it turns out this
obstacle is this priest
and um he goes on adventures Thomas goes
on adventure he meets an old dude whose
sons have all been killed he raises them
from the dead and that's when he
accidentally raises like nine other
people and they're like what the [ __ ]
where is this where is this and the
first thing they see is Thomas can you
imagine dying okay
dying and then all of a sudden you wake
up in a tomb and there's a dude there
who's waving his skin around
what do you think oh I knew it you know
I didn't do I didn't do what I was
supposed to do dude this is Hell there's
no way there's no way this dude's gonna
like eat my face or something right
there's no way no no don't worry he's
with Jesus he's the second Christ man
meatman is the second he's following
what the Christ showed him right he is
performing the christing
just like he's supposed to just like
Jesus wanted him to this is perfect
Christianity absolutely perfect
Christianity give it give me the next
one um oh no you can't give me the next
one then what happens oh you know we
have one final Conflict and it's with a
priest of course it's with a priest and
what happens don't worry they get
together and they're talking about fire
from heaven and all sorts of crazy stuff
and all of a sudden this
boom this Angelic Force grabs this
priest by the hair and holds him up in
the air suspends him and everybody's
like f oh sorry everybody's like oh my
God what what's going on everybody's
mouth is open right because dude how
many parties do you go to right and
there he is he's getting thrown around
he's getting thrown around what's that
oh yeah so everybody in the audience
right is freaked they're like no this is
going to stop and they get
Stones they're like something we got to
do something and Bam what happens to
them boom they all get Frozen on the
ground they all get Frozen on the ground
in the
meanwhile dude is there throwing his
skin
around the dude that Jesus sold now if
you don't think this is Gangster nothing
is because
Thomas won the whole region over every
one of those people after this party was
sold they were all born
again do you understand how the Christ
propagates the lastick art do you
understand it this man Thomas went into
a person's house got wedged himself
between a husband and wife and with his
family D values turned her into
something very very different turned her
into a
slave of a Christ a slave of a Christ
what do you think he did to her same
thing Jesus did with Mary same thing
Jesus did and we all know they can't get
this people look people are out there
talking about my work right now and I'm
telling you it's not from me it's from
The Muse this whole episode
tonight people do you want to see the
reality for what it is do you want to
see it they cannot take it they cannot
take
it the world will
crumble underneath the
weight of mother
Greek I appreciate you're coming tonight
and I want you to stand in there hang in
there with me because my day is coming
my day is
coming we will bring
you an
agonistic
competition for the human
soul as members of the satanic
congregation we are on the side of
Freedom we're in the job we're in the
business not of trafficking Souls
but of killing
traffickers thank you for coming tonight
hail Satan the derangement
syndrome has them hooding the kids as
you
know for you die
too I'm fashion
gibit
crucify the child rapist on the cross
throwing Christians to the
Lions throwing all the
pedophiles off the
bridge fish
food have a nice
swim for your derangement
syndrome this is the
[Music]
prescription re like IND theica
puffing the death
Bubba black water freshy